# Resort-Handbags
Beautiful western colors – This handbag has a combination of fall and western style. Starting with the tan padded handles, it is perfect for a horseback ride, collecting flowers, a short walk or searching for antiques. The intricate design is the work of a master craftsman. This is a great handbag for a resort excursion.  Environmental friendly and the perfect size. Our handbags are unique, stylish, and made of 100% recycled material. The handbag stands by itself and the padded handles make it very comfortable to carry. The dimensions are 14″ wide, 13″ tall and 6″ wide. The total length is 20″ with the short handle. The handbag is large enough for gift boxes, coverups, wine bottles or even a cute little Yorkie.  They feel very luxurious. Resort Handbags feature a side two-position closure, a closed position for security or open to carry larger items. The front clasp provides a secure attachment for the flap that holds the bag closed. Hand-sewn padded leatherette handles are one of the best features of Resort Handbags. Fall Basket is inspired by nature and the autumn color palette.  Handcrafted with quality Individual artisans handcraft each handbag. We encourage them to use their creativity, experience, and skill to create the ultimate resort handbag. The quality is unparalleled and instantly appreciated. Because the designs and colors are constantly changing, our product selection is always fresh and dynamic. If you want one for yourself or a loved one, you’ll have to be quick. Fall Basket is a must-have for western resorts.  Fall Basket is part of Resort Handbags’ Light Colors Collection.  The handbag includes a white handbag dust cover.
